

Sun Feb 11 12:47:29 IST 2018

Satire
------

A thought experiment!

 Two pieces a fiction and a satirical introspection/assessment/ 

about the fictional piece:
--------------------------

 God is all powerful. All becoming and all ...
The present age of kalayuga, the western society has caused a degradation of our current
order and society. This piece would be current and contemporaneous as well as satirical
to the fullest.

Let's start with the plot and the piece. Nothing ambitious. Just need to get the point
across.

Not being a believer is a heresy. Also, a non believer is punished in ways in which 
punishment is implied because of the lack of faith but the actual reason is obviously 
the ironical misactions of believers. (Just like climate change..sort of) . This 
flavour of irony must be intersperced with satire. Now to the other parts of the plot.

 Piece is a satire of current system(political, social ..). Self as it is and not what
it may or may not become. Figmant of an honesst critique/assessment.
`

The point of independent thinking and thought process needs to be incorporated in the
fictional piece as well.







idea 1 Use of astrology columns in the newspapers and media to achieve ulterior motives
central to the plot whereas at the same time using a character piece in the story to
drive forward the plot as well as make a point. This idea is right up the alley towards
the satirical/ironical tone of the story.



now, about this satirical fictional piece:

So, the dichotomy and irony of wishing for progress/success while acting irrationally
and not according to the factual nature of the world. Also while aspiring towards
an ideal(god), acting in a way symptomatic of our genetic disposition( animal).

idea: A nuclear world is upon the country. A character( presumably a defence minister)
is presented as very regal and acting nobly until slowly and surely the character 
comes about as one leaning towards the animal side(hormones/chemicals) of the nature.


So, the plot is set in a near war like situation arriving after a number of near
conflict situations happening/having happened in recent past. A character which 
fails has been put forth. Plot of majesty must be established. Also, certain heroics
are needed to make the exercise(be it writing or reading) interesting.

Another part of the plot which chooses the irrational over the empirical and 
scientific. A fellowship of godly which surely precipitates the hysteria into the 
culmination of pressing the button.
now this is one part of the main plot. How this hysteria is developed and what it is
in fine terms that demolishes the sanity of the collective? 











about the essay on the current socio-political system:
------------------------------------------------------

Let's talk about India. What happens in the name of democracy in India? We as a
democracy and a nation of free people are a very young state. We have no voice.
The only voice we have had, has been the ones which have been western inspired or
the ones long populated in mellenia old dogma. In this 21st century, what we as
the youth, which majorly comprise this nation and the coming of it, what we need
is an identity or more a path towards figuring out where are we at this epoch in
the time of the universe. How do we, as a nation compare with the rest of the 
world, how do we inspire ourselves, and go past the decadence of this life present
all around us. What we seem to have taken hold of is the misguided anarchy and
chaos of the techo revolutionized world and left the strong ideals that made the
foundation of this world. Also, while some, looking at the history of our nation,
long disconected with the constant subjugation of our souls, have formed some sort
of alienness to our present and have tried to connect to anything which does not
appear to be a reminder of a chained existence. 

Somethings are not true as stated above. What we can easily argue is the ponit that
there has been a long tradition of india and it's constituent voices. A myriad and
a large number to be certain. So, the point that we have no voice is redundant.
What we should therefore concede is that the argument of today's youth being
spoilt and being fed with everything under the sun and there being very limited
incentive to think for themselves in today's instant gratification world which
doesn't pay  or rather sometimes actively punishes critical thought process. 



Now my turn about this piece. There are two ways I could go about it. One is that
I could read about different perspectives from historian about the current socio
economic condition that we find ourselves in(foreign or indian like ramachandra
guha) or I could approach it on my own terms with a fresh perspective. I already
know what I am going to do. The first method can be written at any point of time
but the fresh piece can only be written once. I am going to write that piece.

 Things written above are a sort of my motivation towards writing these two pieces,
one fictional and another the essay. The fictional will be satirical.



Let's think what I would be more at home writing about. An introspection and a discovery
of me and my surroundings. A realisation and an awareness of the whole. A beginning of 
sorts. Not taking false identities. Whether a failure or a success, what needs to be
written is an account of truth. Truth of me and what becomes around me. of this life,
this cosmos.











