

story:

camus and the tales of neitzsche


 It was without the parlance of tragic fate that you had to leave. That
night, beset in it's festive and spirited longing, yielded a trueness on my 
face, a face brazen upon the convention of moribund society.A soul rising and
emphatic, full of zest, looking to bring forth a true sense of life, an
outcome of living voraciously.  



It must be brought to my senseless irration longing, a realisation, a notice
of causal comprehension brought about by abject passing of time. It must also be
forthwith assured that this would cause a practical  

--------------------------------


Dangled and dejected

in pristine lands of withered
would be found a rustic pot
A jewel 




------------------------

why? because life is beautiful in all it's complicity and complications.
It is at the same time almost like the sun in the spring or hailstorms on the
winter. what must become of the tragic life that is suffered by all of us? we
must persevere and survive to find the why? This beauty found in our eyes is
what shall make us the most exhilerated and composed simultaneously! It should
be without any complications that we should be able to find meaning in chaos!

again! why? why to all the trecheries we face in this daunting eclipse of life
and why must we perfunctorily live out the ragged change of time assigned to
us. it would be of no sanity and of no consequece that I would have to live
further down the stream of undulated life! Oh! but when is this life straight-
forward! would it be uncompromised to realise that in these bizarre compunctions
of life, we negotiate a fair weather scrupled thesis. I would deny beyond my
last remaining pieces of entwined guts, a fall to the abyss of unnamed 
nothingness. To live without reason and without the choice..to exist falisfying
the edicts of surefootedness,   



======================

 


 In terse, unbenowest to my primer self, I rage on.
 With scaffolds high, and poorer in light, I fade on
 On days, dark and drowning, splintered, I stray on
 towards the fires of doom, smoked, I crawl on

 In deep dread and deeper despairs, must find a light
 On mountains trecharous, amid frisking fires, We must tether
 For a sole lace of templed thoughts, I befriend an imposter mind
 Over a moment's worth of compassion, you raze down a sanguine home


moor no more, over the skirted banks
but crash down into the ravines of the deep
for into still, of l













-------------------------------------------------


In unparleyed terms, a character sorely ironic and satirist to topical atmosphere of politics.
Unhinged words, dispossessed of structure can only take us thus far. Tempered with the 
devices of literary rules, we may yet produce something of significance. Unto those ideals
I write and present this work.



 

-------------------


hitchens video: hawkin's friend says that if he were too die, it would be at the lip
of the event horizen of a blackhole where he could see the past and the future.that
would be majestic. That would be awe inspiring. That would be appropriate.



 The skeptical, enquiring, the doubtful, innovation are means by which wonder and
beauty, awe and symmetry will be discovered and beyond those peaks we can yet see,
new beautiful, wonderful things arising.









