

this tale was told to me by my grandfathers. It was  when we used to visit him
at his home, deep into the mountains of garhwal during summer. in the breezy
evening air of the mountains, as we sat on flat piece of land, at the hilltop.


He spoke to us(brothers) of the tale of kod aur baut, two demigods who changed
this hostile land into a playsport for generations to come.

There was a race which at  a point of time, on this planet, held the most 
dominant biological revolution to bring about a meaning of life. llll was not
wrong when he said that we are a 3 dimensional simulation in a fourth 
dimensionable race!




What is the book about?

characters, protagonists, premise, writing style?


premise and protag with style




 two brothers: kod and baut. They live high up in himalayas.one day kod gets swept away
in currents of ganges.The story progresses in the evolution of kod(which in a way reflects
our current techonological journey). the culmination of the story is meeting of kod and
baut eventually where setup of baut's story(a leap into what humanity can transcend to,the
future if you will) takes place. This can be explored in detail in the second part if 
needed. 

 

So, rest of the details can be piled up! What I would like to write about is an allegory
of our present technological world. I would like to present this in a writing style 
comprehensively complementing this. What kind of evolution would this be, I would need to
explore.

Now coming to the main part. The story of kod. This would drive the whole tale. 
The character and it's journey! Specifics of the character. What drives it? What is it 
about? What makes it? Chetna!!

Character kod



Back to the story of kod!    




Kod
Chetna
There is travel through the route of river.
Consciousness, allegory
Would it be political? Not in this one;
The motif is not satirical. What is the motivation? Descriptive? But more!
Adventure.. revelational theme blends well with sensational end aspired towards.
Revelational but more precise!

Let's go through aspects of the plot!
Coming of age story of kod!
Coming of age in what sense?
Evolution of kod and it's consciousness
Details!
Kod gets swept away, kod reaches  say Varanasi ( can go back there again)
What next?so what happens next could depend on what was kod before!

Beginning of kod and baut!
Where do I pick up this!
Beginnings of algorithms, computer science
Of course with a touch of allegory!

What was the relationship b/w kod and baut like? How did they live? What else?





Allegory of motion!




Kod and baut live in a small village on banks of Bhagirathi. 
Trace use of Gurukul school system. Reconcile this!(school +village)
Now to kod's inclination with the theme of the story! How do both coagulate?
 So the story is about evolution of coding and the overarching paradigm.
 What could kod do to relate to this? On a basic cerebral level.

 This idea is going to be central to th character and is the basis of the
storyline in the sense that the story is going to be built up on that.

So, back to it? If code was a human, how would it be? What would it do?
Human personification of code!

Desire to know!



What does a simple child do differently ?

Another thing is reflection of life that is typical of this age. Fast paced, 
device driven and symptomatic of current lifestyle change towards sedentary. 
It must be inspiring though. Characters driving reflections and symptoms of 
current age is what I would like to do. In this story though, I need an 
inspiration to forge ahead a path for me and my writing. So I need an awesome 
character. KOD.
What is kod? It's a progression. An iteration of self, ever improving.
What are the adjectives of present? Informed, accessible, flat, close yet 
alienated. Barrage of distractions. Hopeful.Progressive, wasteful, excessive, 

How does this character leap out of the book. What does he do? Kod and his 
journey. Ever resourceful, acting to further the goal at every occasion, 
at every location, at every situation, at every opportunity.
So, kod a mere child doesn't know the world . He doesn't understand it. 
He wants to know! That is the end of his part. Baut  wants to do something. 
Baut represents motion, flight. What else? Kod. Wants to figure things out! 
To understand! He doesn't move of his volition. His goal moves him. And with 
little, he finds the whole.

Pagination by Google on a person to person level. Where is the story though? 
What happens and how it happens to kod?


What is the character? How does this character evolve with plot progression?
and what must it project to come alive in the story?

















